Q1. What is your first and last name? (This is important so that we can link your GitHub username to you.)

A1. Gillis Watko

Q2. Do you have any programming experience? If so, how much, and what programming languages have you used?

A2. I learned how to use a little bit of python once in a lab at community college and im curretly also learing to use R in a statistics class at the same time 
as this one.

Q3. Do you have experience writing code in C++?

A3. I have no experiance writing code in C++

Q4. How do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit an engineer, regardless of their field?

A4. Coding can be very helpful in simulating engineering projects to better design and optimize them. For example programming could be used to model the 
operation of a machine on a production line to see how much it could produce under different conditions.

Q5. Do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit you in everyday life? If so, how?

A5. I have an intrest in statistics and probability and coding is extremely usfule in those fields to analyze large data sets and run simulations. Currently im trying to build a tabletop role playing game and figure out how to create a fun dice system for it and I think programming could help me out by running senarios 
of how the probabilities would function.

Q6. We may have time for a special topics lecture at the end of the term, depending on how the term unfolds. Are there any special topics related to computer science that you're curious about? (e.g., an introduction to machine learning, computer graphics, object oriented programming, functional programming, frontend development, backend development, databases, cloud development, mobile app development, etc.)

A6. I mainly just want to gain a general understading of programming in this class but as I mentioned above im interested in learing how to simulate things in 
reality using code if there is time for it.
